headed that until the early 60s. And in, I believe
it is 62, according to the news, T's news, he's
listed as director of the Engineering Experiment
Station. Kahan? Yeah, Kahan. Yes. I believe he
handled that and the Research Foundation
together. And of course, the operations were
small.
Then he went to
Oklahoma, and I think he went to the University of
Oklahoma on that stick, and took charge of their
research foundation. Dean Benson was in charge of
it, and then they kind of put him in charge, and then
Benson took it back again? I guess so, yes.
That's the engineering experience. And he took it
back again alongside his duties as dean of
engineering. And TTI. Yes, that's right. He was
the executive officer of the Texas
Transportation Institute, two or three
agencies. Did you see much of him, or was he? Oh,
yes, he was. He was in everything. Once in a while,
you'd see him around. Because he had so many
different jobs he was doing, he wondered if he ever
had time to get out of his office.
Oh, yes. Because I gave him the research
foundation in the mid-'60s, too.
Between the time you came here in the mid-'40s to
the time you went to TTI, Do you remember any time of
big change or a low point
in Texas Engineering Experiment Station?
I don't really remember a low point. Nobody else
has
either. Did you have any dealings through your
role in TEAS, in the education at A&M, educating
students? Or was that separate from yours? Well,
I'll tell you. Students have always found their
way to my office, graduate students especially.
And I've helped graduate students through the
years with the literature they've needed for
their research. And it would be usually the
literature from the shelves. And they would use
this in the research. They'd come by, and
everybody knew of Mr. Horn. Everybody had that. He
might have that, yes. We'd have to get it. Speaking
of he might have that, everyone says you might have
some of the early pictures or know where they are.
that you used in the journal? Yes. Those would be at
the Photographic and Visual Aids Lab. They would
have a file of the magazine. The university's lab?
Yes, ma'am. OK. That's where we had the pictures
made at the time. We'd use their photographers.
OK. So we'd like to use some of those pictures again
in this history. We've got to find it first. Do you
know where that lab is right now? It's...
I don't know how you... Oh, yeah. Go to the printing
center. They have a clerk in the front office of the
printing center, and she'll handle your work, or
one of those ladies up there will handle your work.
And if you need to go back to the files while that
lady would escort you back, into the photographic
laboratory and you could look back there. Is there
anything else you remember about your time at T's?
Any other great stories you'd like to tell?
It was all great work. I enjoyed
it. I appreciated them and I think they
appreciated me. We got along great through the
years. I just, somewhere along the line, I just
found an opportunity to get a little more salary.
My salary became unclassified. Earlier it was
classified. When I first started classifying
salaries, so I To get unclassified, I had to go over
into the Texas Transportation Institute.
Well, I appreciate your time today.